#summary The GeoViz Toolkit is authored by many people. Their contributions are acknowledged  here.

= Code contributors: =

  * *Frank Hardisty* is the primary author of the GeoViz Toolkit.
  * *Xiping Dai* developed the matrix components, the scatterplot, and the histogram.
  * *[http://www.ims.tuwien.ac.at/~flo/ Flo Ledermann]* developed the Parvis parallel coordinate plot. http://home.subnet.at/flo/mv/parvis/
  * *[http://www.touchgraph.com/management-team.html Alex Shapiro]* developed the Touchgraph, which the Linkgraph components are based on. http://sourceforge.net/projects/touchgraph
  * *Yunping (Gary) Liu* developed the radviz component.
  * *Aaron Myers* developed the help component, and the content in the help.
  * *[http://www.cas.sc.edu/geog/students/LiaoKe.html Ke Liao]* developed the facilities for reading and saving layouts.
  * *[http://www.vislab.usyd.edu.au/?q=wiki/masas_homepage Masahiro Takatsuka]* created some useful bits of code that are still in there, like the multi-slider, a file IO class, and methods for generating various statistical distributions.
  * *[http://www.spatial.ucsb.edu/people/research-associates.php#li Linna Li]* helped to develop the GeoJabber (XMPP) classes. 
  * *[http://www.personal.psu.edu/users/j/x/jxc93/ Jin Chen]* contributed bug fixes to various parts of the toolkit.
  * *[http://docs.codehaus.org/display/~jmacgill James Macgill]* improved the structure of many classes and packages. 


= Design contributors: =

  * *[http://www.geovista.psu.edu/members/maceachren/ Alan MacEachren]* provided funding, many of the ideas behind the software, and contributed to many design decisions.
  * *[http://www.sges.auckland.ac.nz/the_school/our_people/gahegan_mark/index.shtm Mark Gahegan]* provided funding, ideas behind the software, and contributed to many design decisions.
  * *[http://www.vislab.usyd.edu.au/?q=wiki/masas_homepage Masahiro Takatsuka]* authored GeoVISTA Studio which was the framework originally used for these components, and was directly inspirational in the design and functionality of the GeoViz Toolkit.
  * *[http://docs.codehaus.org/display/~jmacgill James Macgill]* "Maven-ized" much of the code.

= Financial contributors: =
 * *[http://www.nsf.gov/ The National Science Foundation]*, through the  *[http://www.geovista.psu.edu/grants/dg-qg/intro.html Digital Government Quality Graphics]* grant.
* *[http://www.dhs.gov/index.shtm The Department of Homeland Security] through the  *[http://www.geovista.psu.edu/NEVAC/index.html The North-East Visualization and Analytics Center]*
 * *[http://www.cancer.gov/ The National Cancer Institute]* through the *[http://www.geovista.psu.edu/grants/nci-esda/ Geovisualization and Spatial Analysis of Cancer Data]* grant.
 * *[http://www.scguard.com/ The Army National Guard of South Carolina]*
 